What's wrong with you, Yiqiu?
It turned out he really had lung cancer.
What?
What the hell is lung cancer?
Lin Feng must have made a fake report
The purpose is to deceive the salary card back
Simple, I've seen this routine a lot
I just want to make more money on you
Don't be deceived by him
true or false
What's wrong with you?
autumn
Just a little gross.
Let's go check it out
Yeah.
Strange, how can it be disgusting?
Auntie is also delayed
Their family is really vampires
They are all divorced and still hold on to your bank card.
Fortunately, you've got it back.
I'll get rid of them completely in the future
Let you see a joke
Thanks for bringing me to the hospital
You're welcome, but whoever sees it won't care.
Look at your depressed face
Why don't I treat you to dinner?
Invitation is also a big national day
You don't have to be so polite, Yaoyao.
What are you doing here?
Lin Feng, why are you with Yaoyao?
What a coincidence, Mr. Ma
You know each other?
He's my boss.
Lin Feng, I'm asking you a question
Why are you with Yaoyao?
He's my boyfriend!